{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs40\lang9 Home Page\par
\fs22 Our Committment To You!\par
\b0\par
Dear Prospective Franchisee.\par
          \par
          From the moment we tasted Marco\rquote s Pizza, we knew that by some stroke of luck we\rquote d stumbled across the next \ldblquote big thing\rquote  in the pizza business,. We absolutely loved it and couldn\rquote t wait to share this exceptional authentic flavor with our friends, family and neighbors. Hands down, Marco\rquote s Pizza beat everything out there and began to quickly grow in popularity as our delighted customers invited others to experience the Marco\rquote s difference. We would like for you to have the same experience. We have created a program for our franchisees to help their businesses reach its full potential and we are fully committed to helping achieve your greatest success. If you have what it takes to grab your slice of this $46 billion pizza pie, we\rquote re ready to welcome you aboard and share our recipe for success!\par
\par
Signed,\par
Chris & Terry\par
\par
\par
\b\fs40 About Page\par
\fs22 About Marco\rquote s Pizza\fs40\par
\b0\fs22 Headquartered in Toledo, OH, Marco\rquote s Pizza\'ae (Marco\rquote s Franchising, LLC) is the fastest-growing pizza company in the U.S.  Marco\rquote s was founded by native \par
Italian, Pasquale \ldblquote Pat\rdblquote  Gimmarco, and is committed to making AH!thentic\'ae \par
Italian pizza with fresh ingredients. The company has grown from its roots as a beloved Ohio brand to operate more than 800 stores in over 30 states, the \par
Bahamas, India and Puerto Rico. Marco\rquote s is ranked as a top opportunity for franchising in several publications, but also loved by customers and in 2017 Marco\rquote s was voted the favorite pizza company in America by consumers in a Market Force study, and is fast becoming recognized as one of the \par
Top-performing restaurant franchises in the country in addition to have the best Ah!thentic Italian Pizza.\par
\par
\b Marco\rquote s History\fs40\par
\b0\fs22 Marco\rquote s Pizza founder Pasquale \ldblquote Pat\rdblquote  Giammarco moved to the U.S. from Italy when he was nine years old and grew up working in his family\rquote s pizzeria. He later embarked on a mission to make high quality pizza on a larger scale using secret sauce recipe that he developed and refined with his father.\par
 Giammarco established three standards in order to deliver the consistent levels of quality and freshness expected of Marco\rquote s products: dough made fresh daily in each store; a proprietary sauce recipe that blends imported spices and vine-ripened tomatoes; and an exclusive blend of three fresh cheeses (never frozen, unlike many pizza chains).\par
The first Marco\rquote s Pizza store opened in Oregon, OH in 1978. Gradually, stores opened throughout the Midwest and beyond. The Marco\rquote s Pizza menu broadened as well, to include hot sub sandwiches, salads and Cheezybread for carryout and delivery. Today, there are 800+ Marco\rquote s Pizza stores in over 30 states and four countries.\par
\par
\b Facts and Figures\b0\par
  Dubbed the \ldblquote Undisputed Kings of new store development\rdblquote  by Entrepreneur Magazine, in 2016 Marco\rquote s Pizza added 120 new stores for a total now of more than 800 stores in more than 30 states and four countries, doubling in size in five years and on the fast track to 1000 stores. Marco\rquote s Pizza employs about 20,000 people in: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, West Virginia and Wisconsin. Marco\rquote s also operates in the Bahamas, India and Puerto Rico.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs40 Why Marco's?\par
\fs22\par
Why choose Marco\rquote s Pizza?\par
\b0 Marco\rquote s Pizza is going places, and fast! If you\rquote re reading this, chances are you\rquote re considering becoming a franchisee; an opportunity that can truly change your life. We are the fastest growing pizza company in the United States and for good reason. Marco\rquote s Pizza is what pizza was meant to be; a delicious combination of authentic old world Italian recipes, premium ingredients and a fresh baked taste that continues to convert pizza lovers all over the world. \par
\par
\b Our exceptional brand also brings to the table:\b0\par
\f1\bullet   30 Years of experience in the Pizza business.\par
\bullet   An outstanding, Award Winning product \ldblquote made from scratch\rdblquote   in \par
      our  stores daily.\par
\bullet   A proven business system and experienced team who are ready to \par
     help   your franchise reach it\rquote s maximum potential.\par
\bullet    Tried and proven Operational Systems that guarantee outstanding \par
     quality and an authentically superior product.\par
\bullet   Opportunities to grow with more franchises and gain Area \par
      Representative  Territories.\par
\bullet   Options to start at your preferred level of commitment as a single \par
     or  multi-unit franchisee \par
\par
\b Caribbean Island & Territory \par
Franchise Opportunities:\par
\b0\par
\bullet  Anguilla\b\par
\b0\bullet  Antigua and Barbuda\par
\bullet  Aruba\par
\bullet  Barbados\par
\bullet  Bonaire\par
\bullet  British Virgin Islands\par
\bullet  Cayman Islands\par
\bullet  Curacao \par
  (Netherlands Antilles)\par
\bullet  Dominica \par
\bullet  Dominican Republic\par
\bullet  Grenada\par
\bullet  Haiti\par
\bullet  Jamaica\par
\bullet  Martinique\par
\bullet  Saint Barthelmy\par
\bullet  Saint Kitts & Nevis\par
\bullet  Saint Lucia\par
\bullet  Saint Maarten \par
  (Netherlands Antilles)\par
\bullet  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines\par
\bullet  Trinidad & Tobago\par
\bullet  Turks & Caicos\par
\bullet  U.S. Virgin Islands\par
\par
\b\fs40 CARIBBEAN FRANCHISE PARTNERS\par
\f0\fs22\lang1033 Your Carribbean Franchise Partners\par
\b0 Brothers Chris and Terry Tsavoussis are seasoned entrepreneurs and veteran businessmen with a passion for great pizza. The duo has a combined fifty years\rquote  experience in the restaurant business, having owned and operated franchises, and multi-chain restaurants for some of the world\rquote s best recognized brands including Wendy\rquote s, Domino\rquote s and Dunkin Donuts. In 2009, the brothers made history by expanding the Marco\rquote s Pizza brand to the shores of the Bahamas. Opening week sales for this first international store, (the first restaurant outside North America) broke all known \ldblquote opening week sales records\rdblquote  for the entire company. The next few weeks saw \ldblquote a record earning streak\rdblquote  that continued, and paved the way for the opening of another two successful Marco\rquote s restaurant all within two years. This instant success could be attributed to three things: Marco\rquote s incredible, authentic taste; the restaurant business experience shared by Chris and Terry, and their incessant drive to make Marco\rquote s Pizza number one. Chris and Terry believe in the brand. They have even welcomed Terry\rquote s son to the fold as a second generation Marco\rquote s Pizza franchise owner. Together, they share a commitment to growing Marco\rquote s Pizza exponentially in the Caribbean, and are currently recruiting franchisees to share in this exciting rewarding, once in a lifetime business opportunity. As of September 2017 Marco\rquote s Pizza Caribbean has 5 stores operating in the Bahamas and 6 operating in Puerto Rico with another 34 to be developed in the coming years.\f1\fs40\lang9\par
\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 